The Joe Rogan experience. I have a question about MMA for you. Okay. Why do we.
Keep hearing about the underpaying stuff?
Well, right now in particular, um,
there's probably less money because the fighters have to, um,
they there's no gate, there's no live gate. Yeah.
There's no live gate and that's an extreme amount of money,
but there's also fighters that agreed to certain deals.
They agreed to like an eight fight deal at X amount per fight,
and then they become more popular and then they want to renegotiate their deal.
And the UFC is like, look, we're just trying to stay open. Yep.
We're not going to renegotiate anything. So they're like,
take it or you can leave it, but this is what it is. Yeah.
I think it's a matter of that.
But looking at it from the fighter's perspective fighters would be certainly
better off if there was more competition, that's always how it works.
So whether it's Bella tour or one FC or all these different companies,
the more of those,
there are the more world series of fighting the moral professional fighting
league, whatever the it's called. Now, the more of those rise,
the better it is for everyone. It's just how it is. It's like,
if there's only improv's and then you get banned from the improv's, you're.
But if you got funny bones, yes, yes. It's exactly like that.
You know,
I've seen that happen before with people I've seen that happen with comedy
clubs, and I've seen that happen with fighting too.
You get banned from a big organization and then you're, man. Nobody's like,
it's not a monopoly in that. You do have choice. You do have choices,
but there's one clear top of the food chain choice,
but it's because they do it the best.
They're also the only ones that are having fights during this quarantine.
The only people that are putting on any live sporting events,
but they're also a part of a company in WME that's hurting and
needs it really bad.
So there's not a lot of money to throw around like that,
to keep the doors open, to keep people employed.
A lot of money is, is, is missing. Right?
All these shows got canceled. There's all these, uh,
audience members that are going to be there buying tickets. And so it's tricky,
man. So this is why I think they're complaining about fighter pay.
I think they should get paid more. I think everybody should get paid more.
I'm thinking it's a crazy way to make a living.
I think you should get the most amount of money you can possibly get,
but it's also a business.
And I think that if they are struggling as much as I think they are,
I don't talk finances with them, but I know that WME people own it. Yeah.
They're hurt. Yeah. Bad. They're laying people off. Yep.
Most businesses are hurting. It's in all the entertainment.
Business is live. Nation's. Right? All these people are. Yeah. Big time.
So what do they do? That's what I think. But yeah. You know,
when it comes to me as a, as a human that likes fighting,
I know how dangerous that is.
You should get paid an incredibly generous amount of money to step into a
cage fight for millions of people. Yeah.
Yeah. It is interesting because you have, um,
you have this situation where like the quality of the fights
is undeniably better because it's not in the free market.
You have people that are really good at picking out fights.
And for the most part, I say this as a boxing fan, right.
So I grew up in boxing where there are tons of different divisions or tons of
some companies. If you all WBC, WBL, all these different promoters.
And sometimes they do, sometimes they don't. Right. But like it's a mess.
And then sometimes what happens is you have guys who are like really boring
fighters,
but they get a position where they have the belt and then it actually hurts the
sport in a way, but they earned it and they deserve it. So as like a sportsman,
I'm like, they deserve to have it. Like a lot of people.
I love Floyd Mayweather.
I think he's the best fighter in the history of fighting. Right.
I think he's actually one of the greatest people at their job ever.
Like I think he's Michael Jordan of boxing is one of.
The, without a doubt, one of the greatest boxers,
if not the greatest boxer that has ever lived, he's unbelief DNO.
For average people fought for me. I loved it.
But for an extra thought it was boring. So he needed the antics. Yeah.
He needed to get people angry at him yet.
They get me. Right. And it works.
But the thing is with the UFC is I'll watch guys.
I don't know and I'll enjoy it.
And I feel like, I don't know if that's just because of the sport,
but also because of the way that they're matching the fighters and it's not
specifically, Hey, you're ranked here or you're ranked here.
We have to match you. Part of it is you're right here. You're right here.
But also.
Your styles would make something interesting. So I wonder if it's correct no.
Better to not be completely free market. Do you?
It's better to have the fights for the quality of the.
Sport. If you're a fan, it's certainly better for you, right?
If the fighters get,
if they all get together in one organization and then that organization makes
them fight each other, that way,
there's not as many dream match-ups you never get to see. Right.
Like one of the things that everybody got upset was by the time Floyd fought
Manny Pacquiao,
it was like past man he's prime and Manny had a bum shoulder and all these
different things we would have liked to see that fight five years earlier.
And the UFC.
Def gets made easily. Yeah. It gets made, but.
It gets to a situation where a guy like John Jones says, Hey,
I've got a contract for light heavyweight fights, but you know,
what do you want to give me a fight? Francis and Ghana,
because I want a lot of money because that guy's terrifying. Yeah. And they say,
well, you get what you're paid in your contract. That's what you get.
And he's like, well, I'm not fighting then. And they go, okay.
It is interesting. See,
that's one of those situations where I don't know who's right or who's wrong
because I don't know how much money they would make for that.
If there's no audience, let's say the Frances and gyno fights a big fight.
And it gets like 500,000 pay-per-views 600, 700,000.
Pay-per-views that's a lot of pay-per-views. Yep. Um, alive gate.
How much in the hole are they? How much money?
How much money in the hole are they right? How much,
how hard is it to make money right now? How much can you afford?
How much did they make? I don't know. These answers.
How much do they make for a pay-per-view where 700,000 buys a million buys.
How much do they make? How much what's the overhead? I mean, I.
Don't know. It's less, but it's not. I mean,
it has to be less because you're not.
Maintaining these venues of venue is so much smaller.
You have to pay way less people. That being said, the ticket prices,
like the live gate we'll have gates, big 20,000 people, 18,000 people,
all spending on average, $150 a ticket.
And on top of that, there's merged. There's all sorts of is, you know,
I'm sure they probably get some sort of a food ISA, all that stuff. Yeah.
So there's a lot of money. And then there's also, they had to operate.
They didn't fire anybody. It's one thing about the UFC.
They would not fire people.
So they stayed open wouldn't wouldn't fire anybody while they were going on for
months, just paying people,
trying to figure out how to put this together and make fights happen.
They tried to do that one at the Indian place. Uh Tachi palace in Lamar,
California. They are real close to doing that.
But then the governor got ahold of the head of Disney and eyes during the call,
Dana white. And they told the pull out, pull out. Okay.
So they back out of that. And then two weeks later Florida's like, come on in.
So then we do one in Florida with no audience.
And then finally they're allowing us to do them at the apex center in Vegas.
And I think right now it's a triage right down there trying to stop the bleeding
and the [inaudible] like WME and the UFC,
the UFC is operating with full costs for months without
any money coming in at all. So you have to think that, yeah, that's.
Right. Yeah. It's like WME,
I think P paid 4 billion or something for them or so they, a little more.
Than that. So they have this giant monthly nut.
They have to have to cover cover every month. People,
I guess don't realize is like an agency.
Makes money off of the commission of their clients.
And if their clients can't work because of Corona,
the agency has no revenue coming in. None. Zero there's no TV show.
I guess there's some TV shows getting made, but like still they're not,
they're not doing production on like films or anything like that. Yeah, no,
it is interesting.
Well are starting to do a films next week. They are.
It's coming back. What was your thoughts on you?
Get sick and then you're liable. That's the tricky.
Thing. It's like, they don't want it. God forbid.
Somebody ends up one of these, like an NBA coaches. Who's old, God forbid,
Greg Popovich, who's 70. Oh yeah. Gets Corona death.
It is. And now you want to be the NBA commissioner.
They're killed Gregg Popovich.
Oh my God. Or be, um,
a UFC promoter that you a fighter gets sick,
goes home and kills his mom and works with him. You know,
maybe your mom helps cook for you. Your mom gets sick.
Maybe mom's helping you in camp. Your mom gets sick,
dies from Corona because they had the fights.
I don't think that's going to happen.
I think particularly now when you're hearing these reports of the cases
diminishing the,
the viral load that they're finding like in Italy is so small,
it's barely detectable. You know, the, the hope is that, same happens here.
As it gets hot out.